all right so here we are at high Lake
sometime November 2009 and here's a
cabin that we're trying to clean up
we're taking all the canoes and kayaks
and the panels and the vests and the wet
suits out of it and putting it into this
thing that we're building this is a
boathouse so I'm gonna put the camera on
a tripod and do a tank master
construction
all right so here we are at high Lake a
couple of weeks after we started
building the boathouse there's a cabin
that we've cleaned up there's high Lake
cleaned up some trees and here is the
boathouse in all its glory
what is that almost 16 boats outside
nice post-and-beam construction some
windows nice little plaque donation
plaque in November 2009 if we go inside
I'll probably be dark there's no power
but if we open both doors there you go
you can see all the paddles are stacked
up on the wall we've got some short
boats over here it's a medium boats over
there or medium boats short boats some
racks up with vests and wetsuits
and some leftover timber so that is the
boathouse and it's December I don't know
what date is it what date is it due
December 3rd 2009 wonderful